Update CHANGELOG (#1359)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Breaking change]** Add `setUpdateTrack` method to be able to explicitly set either `UpdateTrack.PRIVATE` or `UpdateTrack.PUBLIC` update track. By default, a public distribution group will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Add `setUpdateTrack` method to be able to explicitly set either `UpdateTrack.PRIVATE` or `UpdateTrack.PUBLIC` update track. By default, a public distribution group is used. **Breaking change**: To continue using private groups, you now need to migrate your application to call `Distribute.setUpdateTrack(UpdateTrack.PRIVATE)` before calling `AppCenter.start`.
```

> * **[Fix]** Avoid opening browser to check for sign-in information after receiving an SSL error while checking for app updates (which often happens when using a public WIFI).

Reviewer 2: Introducing the one public group change.
```suggestion
* **[Behavior change]** The public distribution is simplified to provide only one public group. If you have existing public groups defined for your application your users will receive the latest version of all public groups.
* **[Fix]** Avoid opening browser to check for sign-in information after receiving an SSL error while checking for app updates (which often happens when using a public WIFI).
```
